>> Steve Kinney: So yeah, basically
optimize-js tries to figure out ways to do
things that would have been lazy.
And then eager parsed,
to just skip to the eager parsing,
because doing it once is faster.
So we can grab some different libraries,
pull in jQuery.
>> Steve Kinney: And
you can see that without optimize,
it took 16 milliseconds to parse.
With optimize, we shaved a millisecond
off, or almost two milliseconds off.
You can grab Lodash,
again two milliseconds.
And if we're aiming for getting everything
on the screen, this is one library, right?
It could be really useful to go ahead and
every one of these milliseconds
that we shave off is important.
This is not even our application code yet.
>> Steve Kinney: ThreeJS
is 5 milliseconds faster, right?
So you were like, yeah,
use it all the time, right?
But these are, again,
contrived examples, right?
Did anyone try it in other browsers?
What was some of your findings?
>> Student: Chrome is way faster with
jQuery than Firefox.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, each one is
implemented differently, and there's some
different decisions that are made there.
And so it's important to not be
the person only testing Chrome, but
to look at other browsers as well.
Because this is where some of
the performance stuff with the measuring
becomes incredibly important.
So if we take a bunch of libraries,
and we run it through,
we can see that In Chrome 55.
Generally speaking there is
a noticeable improvement across most of
the applications.
You're like, ship it, yeah, let's put
it in our Webpack build pipeline.
Everything's great,
this is gonna be wonderful,
use it everywhere.
>> Steve Kinney: But
the story across libraries is not as
straightforward on Edge 14, right?
We can see that, yeah, ImmutableJS,
there's a 30% improvement,
but if you're using PouchDB,
well it's 32% slower, right?
And if we just follow these rules,
put these parentheses everywhere.
You could be making applications slower.
You can be making applications faster,
so that's why it's really
important to measure.
We get a slightly different story if
we look in Safari where it's almost
universally a bad idea, [LAUGH] right?
In most cases it is making stuff slower.
That comes down to the implementation
details of all of these browsers, right?
And so again,
the kind of moral of the story here is to
make sure that you're measuring, right?
And looking to see what the actual impacts
and implications of these things are.
Rather than just following
some rule that I told you, or
something along those lines.
Treat me with a healthy
dose of skepticism, and
every word that's coming out of my mouth,
right?
[LAUGH] Take those words,
measure them against your application,
then make a decision.
>> Student2: Can I ask a quick question?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Student2: When we're doing
function declarations and
wrapping them in parens.
If you're using a function expression
instead does that make a difference here?
>> Steve Kinney: I think,
I reserve the right to
be wrong about this, but
I believe that those
are also still lazy parts.
But IFFEs, for instance, those
immediately invoked function expressions,
we wrap them in the parentheses,
and immediately call them.
Those, for instance, are eagerly
parsed right out of the box, right?
So there is different use cases,
and the other kind of again
disclaimer that I'm gonna make now is
a lot of these rules change, right?
The Chrome team is working on
making this stuff better, right?
Which is why measure early,
measure often, right?
When we get to the actual
compiling engine and
the optimizations that it makes, right?
That's a moving target, right,
there are things that are slow now,
when ES6 originally came out.
All of the ES6 stuff that was for
the browser was slower than the ES5 stuff.
So it would be very easy to
,read a blog post then and
believe that ES6 was inherently slower.
It was slower because browser
inventors had ten years to optimize.
And figure out all the edge cases for
the ES5 stuff and
the ES6 stuff was brand new, right?
Three years later,
that is not true anymore right?
Because the browser vendors
are attempting to get better and
faster with these things.
So generally speaking,
all these things are a moving target.
And that's why I keep saying measure
almost a beat in between every slide.
If you did want to use this,
if your research goes well.
And you can see that you have
performance gains across the board.
There are also Webpack plugins,
we can just insert this into
your build pipeline as well.
Just some other quick,
tasty notes on parsing.
>> Steve Kinney: Whenever we have
a function that is inside
of another function,
that is effectively always going
to be lazily parsed, right?
So if we move that out, it can get
parsed in a separate take on it,
in this case it will get
better performance right?
You can argue does that mean,
let's take a 15 minute break,
you go through your giant code base and
refactor everything?
Probably not, there are tools
that can help you with this,
that we'll cover at the end, but again,
just something to kinda think about.